if it is it does not what's up guys head
in today today's cheat meal days some
close to my heart birthday today and
we're gonna go celebrate it by eating
lots of food at a Chinese buffet so
please stick along and watch the video
and remember guys don't be cheating
every day you'll get fast buck just do
some times once a week I stick to you
guys alright so come check out
yep i'ma get my lipstick
yes
yeah yeah Ichi
I ain't got it not yet
Halleck / me yeah
just on that shut out guys neo number
two Gnomeo number one sorry go ahead
see me
cut the chips SATs a sour chicken finger
lickin
get some sauce on that to love sweet and
sour sauce baby some prawn toast
who's this chicken satay plenty of
protein on the plate
let's quit college toast squid I get
something on the plate is that man there
we go it's all you've spoiled yet I do
good protein good protein goes deep for
now we'll come back for another play
enemy banned plate number two rush
believe me guys I am getting my money's
worth today 15 pound all-you-can-eat
Chinese buffet yeah bye there we're
going to the next one now boys let's go
check this out guys next course talk
about free I'm gonna do my own pancakes
freak duck pancakes baby
but the veg is just the protein of me
let's go right tell them what you've got
anybody hanging away there one minute
one minute
right buddy telling what you've got
Wow what's in there yes all right
try it tell them what you think rayar
attend Mac Saturn good at max at 10 what
max at 10 for that's not very good
all right cool
let's see
boom number four let's go Vica house was
it five put inside guys finish signs
what we got
stand away from fruit today goes
gets a color put this out all right
stick with some of the marshmallows on
it just one lovely book is our chocolate
mousse
give me one mmm chocolate mousses stick
on there backward is it a nice one well
somebody is a jelly we don't want any
sushi this is this to do for now check
this out
snap stop chocalate sauce isn't
chocolate sauce on that
so the Hartley yeah
spread out next
yeah we're having quite a lot of that
because I love chocolate sauce but stick
some marshmallows on again
yeah lovely slowly go icicles pudding
and we're done oh I'm bloated
that was what we call an epic cheat meal
had a great time
food was awesome guys I hope you enjoyed
the footage
I'll go rub my belly now lay down for a
bit cuz I've got to try and get to the
gym in about an hour's time that I
figured out for a little bit first so
guys like this video if it's worthy of a
like share subscribe to my channel
please much love keep it real Bruce